docs: update all-langs.js link (#47844)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: docs/how-to-work-on-localized-client-webapp.md

If you are testing a new language, create a folder with the language name as the title next to the other languages and copy the JSON files from another language into your new folder.

> Add the language to the `client` array as seen above in the [`config/i18n/all-langs.js`](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/6b4a6a02568b809fc216ea8566ff5df446d1da4e/config/i18n/all-langs.js#L5) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the language to the `client` array as seen above in the [`config/i18n/all-langs.ts`](https://github.com/freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp/blob/main/config/i18n/all-langs.ts) file.
```
That link appears to also be slightly outdated. The same case is for link on line `85`.

Reviewer 2: I agree it's a terrible idea to use line numbers in docs because they will change all the time.

Reviewer: I'd say so, as the file was migrated to ts, no reason to link to the older js version.
